Mic cam api access recheck (#21)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: dedicated-examples/mock-camera-microphone-access/README.md

The first test function uses the [Selector.addCustomDOMProperties](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/selector/addcustomdomproperties.html) method to read the `<img>`'s `.src` property and check whether it contains an image.

The second test function uses the [Selector.addCustomDOMProperties](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/selector/addcustomdomproperties.html) method to read the `<audio>`'s `.srcObject` property. If an audio stream is present, it returns `true`. The [t.expect.ok](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/expect/ok.html) method checks this value.

`getUserMedia` allows access to the Media Stream API. When `getUserMedia` is called, it prompts the user for permission. Use the `--use-fake-ui-for-media-stream` Chrome flag to grant permission without user input.

If your environment does not have audio/video recording hardware, use `--use-fake-device-for-media-stream` to feed a test pattern to the API.

> Chrome doesn't allow Media Stream API calls from insecure origins. To use a secure origin, do either of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chrome does not allow Media Stream API calls from insecure origins. To use a secure origin, do either of the following:
```
